Free Karen Reed and Erica Walsh

The Massachusetts State Police arrested a woman protesting for Karen Reed outside the courthouse. She was wearing a hoodie that said on the back: Criminals Control Norfolk County. Erica Walsh was in the  “Buffer Zone” in front of the courthouse which was put in place by the Judge who is presiding the Karen Reed murder trial. This zone is currently being looked at in other courts due to constitutional issues, free speech being the biggest one. She was arrested under the rules that the Judge put in place. An interesting note, there is a provision in the order where a person who gets arrested in the buffer zone can see a Judge in the courthouse immediately. 

Well, it’s a lie. At the time of this writing, she is still in a holding cell with the police. 



The first report came from Doctor Turtleboy on X: https://x.com/DoctorTurtleboy/status/1924538478571798907

Doc is not a stranger to the overreach and corruption from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and has been under the gun for some years now. He was the one to first really report on the Karen Reed trial, long before the legacy media would even touch it. He has been wrongly accused by the Commonwealth of witness intimidation for simply reporting on this case.

Over time it has become apparent that the Commonwealth, from the DA, State Police, Boston Police Dept and within the courthouse itself with the current presiding Judge, that there has been web of deceit in order to protect some people within the police departments. 

It also seems that people involved in the Karen Reed murder case had also been involved with the death of a young woman who, it seems, was sexually used by various police officers starting at a young age.
She Is Dead Now, and there has never been a clear story of what happened.

So, over time as this case continues it will become even more clear that the Common Wealth of Massachusetts Boston DA office has been covering for various people within enforcement, and perhaps even more. Though these two cases are separate cases there are many of the same people involved.

Please, do what the legacy media refuses to do: Raise The volume Of This Injustice so the Commonwealth will have to address the many issues within. Spread it here, and on Social Media. Contact the Boston Court house and express your anger and dismay. Contact the state police and the Boston PD. Tell them what you think.

Let them know that we can see them. We seem them, in real time, disregard the rights of their citizens.

Now, all the tea will come out. All of it. Court records, news articles and within Social Media where many have given their voice, both for an against.

Make this issue wo loud that there can be no possible way for the State to make this all go away.


Check into the following: 

Karen Reed Murder Case in Boston, MA.
https://x.com/jessmachadoshow She reports within the court in real time over X.

https://x.com/DoctorTurtleboy This is Doctor Turtleboy. Its a good starting point for the history and current news of the trials. Both Karens and his own.

Sandra Birchmore ( deseaced ) https://www.justice.gov/usao-ma/pr/former-massachusetts-police-officer-arrested-connection-murder-young-woman


Thank You All.
